HillHacks 2024 (#59)
hillhacks/website: pages/about.md

title: What we do
permalink: /about/
---

> hillhacks has been held in the lap of the stunning Dhauladhar Himalayas every summer in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hillhacks has been held in the lap of the stunning Dhauladhar Himalayas every summer in 
```

> the state of Himachal Pradesh. There is buzz of having it other hilly regions in India 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the state of Himachal Pradesh. There is a buzz of having it in other hilly regions in Indi
```
